gh-101578: Fixup NEWS and add What's New entry for new exception APIs (#102157)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2023-02-06-16-14-30.gh-issue-101578.PW5fA9.rst

Add :c:func:`PyErr_GetRaisedException` and :c:func:`PyErr_SetRaisedException`
for saving and restoring the current exception.

> These functions take and return a single exception,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These functions return and accept a single exception object,
```

As above, or whatever is a more appropriate word than "object" to describe an instance of the `PyException` type as opposed to an exception as a higher-level construct.

> rather than the triple arguments of the now deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rather than the triple arguments of the now-deprecated
```

:c:func:`PyErr_Fetch` and :c:func:`PyErr_Restore`.
This is less error prone and a bit more efficient.

Also add :c:func:`PyException_GetArgs` and :c:func:`PyException_SetArgs`

> as convenience functions for dealing with exceptions in the C API.

Author: IMO, this last part is too vague for a NEWS entry.

Reviewer: Assuming I understand their purpose correctly, maybe something like

```suggestion
as convenience functions for retrieving and modifying
the :attr:`~BaseException.args` passed to the exception's constructor.
```

Author: Looks good to me.
